all right everybody we are here at tokyo
game show 2010 where microsoft is
bringing it back with sender connect
launch titles we're about to check out
two new features for kinect sports and
Joyride courtesy of the man himself
kudos anota let's go have a look
so we'll show you two new Sports 1 is
table tennis and the other is beach
volleyball so we're going to do table
tennis first you can play one player
obviously or two players as well
you know it's just like it was use the
energy of your body so the more you
really jump up and hit it with velocity
the harder it's going to go
this one it's like you're actually in a
halfpipe so you take your car turbo up
charge it slam up to the side do tricks
in the air with your body try and
collect a bunch of the objects and see
up there so the car customization this
one you can hold up any object of color
and old paint your car whatever that
color whatever the object is yeah so
like my car is red right so I want to go
in and change the paint on my car I
light the car I'll just use my shirt but
you can see you like two different parts
of my shirt we'll give it a different
color on the car based on whatever you
hold up into that little circle so try
and get the flesh tone if I do my arm
and do is get my shirt it'll be black
let's just do that
stick your arm out
he just launched the missile
nice and your hit him great job
you guys know if you pull back it will
charge up your boost push forward and
I'll launch it do a trick in the air
yeah guys have really serious gamer
faces on right now
yeah so you just throws everybody so
they can't do anything
well there you have it a quick update on
couple different connect titles I'm a
little bit winded but I had fun keep an
eye out for more tokyo game show
coverage coming your way
you